hey everyone i am doing this video
because it was requested by a few of you
and like trying to honor requests so
this is my mac eyeshadow collection
which consists of 15 shadows um they all
fit in one of these and I'll just run
through them I'm not really going to
swatch because many many more talents
people with much better camera and
lighting setup than I have done these so
you can always google um what I always
do okay I hear barking but that's not my
own dogs that's weird I always do is
just google in images um the name of the
eyeshadow i want to see so i suggest
that works best for me i would suggest
that to you so i have one mac palette
it's filthy I love these but they get so
dirty so quickly um so that's just the
nature of the base they're rather thin
their fifteen dollars you can only get
them online or at an actual mac store
not a mac counter just stinks um you can
also only get the actual the you know
the hang on you can only get them in the
pan form at an actual mac store the MAC
counter they only come in the round pots
and then you have to do pot them again
there are many lovely videos out there
showing you how to do it how did you pop
them using a flat iron a knife and some
wax paper it's really easy just google
it how to do pot mac eyeshadows so many
good ones out there just find one that
works for you ok so here are the 15 and
no particular work well there is a bit
of an order i tried to do light to dark
and then it went on from there ok my one
big criticism on the mac palettes is
that it's just kind of a bear to get
these suppers out i am very close since
this is full this is full um i'm going
to pop out the plastic insert part and
then i can fit more in and i can more
easily get these goobers out so here are
the ones that i have this one is retro
spec petrol spec and lately I've been
it's very gold if you really smack it on
but it shares out and it's a pretty
inner corner highlight and a brow bone
highlight i've been using light colors
on my lids actually and i'm really
enjoying it this one you think I know by
know what these all are this one is
shroom and this is one of the first ones
i purchase once i started youtube and i
don't use it enough it's a highlight
color and then this one on the bottom I
like quite a bit this is rice paper also
a goldie tone but not as gold as the
other one very I mean the differences
are incredibly subtle I'm not going to
try and pretend like these are massively
different they're not this one is all
that glitters it's what I have on my
lids right now this one is soba I use
this in my crease a ton I have that on
today no wait I'm I'm flip-flopped this
one's I said that this is all the
glitters this one is soba and this one I
think is Naked Lunch this is Naked Lunch
it's kind of a pinky color but really
they're all pretty much like a sheer
shimmer one just has more pink
undertones and save this one which is
gold this is the worst video but I will
go on um this one I love I use it all
the time it's a matte brown it's
corduroy there's like nothing to it it's
just a very warm soft brown you'll
notice I avoid many cool tone colors I
prefer myself and warm this is another
one I use all the time and it is sable I
have that in my outer corner and then
this at the top i believe is patina it
is that's a great lid color I like it
these are also versatile you can wear I
think I like these colors because
there's no just one way to use up you
can wear I'm is slid highlight all over
color crease what have you this is this
color combination is what i use the most
these three and on my lid I you
use grain quite a good dent in it looks
like that grain the crease color is soft
brown and then my outer corner i have
been using satin taupe really liked it
very this this is like when I don't know
what to do I pull these three out then
the last 3 i'm like deepest colors but
they're not exactly dark this one is
amber lights that one is twinks see how
much i use it twinks and then this one
at the bottom is wood winked would wings
is cool because it looks like it's brown
but it's it's not it's um like that
weird coppery and then when you blend it
it gets kind of brown and orange e it's
really it's quite a versatile little
color anyway not very adventurous and i
think i did here I'm sorry the dogs are
doing something and I don't know what
they're up to do you hear that Mimi has
gotten into something anyway um I just
they're all neutral they're all easy to
use and I'm sure you will give me a list
of what you think I should have that I
don't already i I just got it already
and look at that um I do want to add
wedge to my collection and then I might
I don't know what I'm gonna do I think
that's it that's all I need I don't
really need any of them but you know
anything so anyway I hope that was
helpful and thanks for watching and if
you have any more questions I will be
happy to ask them about that I'll have
to show you my mac paint pot collection
in my next video that one's that's an
impressive little collection I have an
obsession going there anyway I'll see
you in the next video and see you soon
thanks for watching bye bye